fix: re-auth when cookie expires & allow changing site (#23)
kashalls/external-dns-unifi-webhook: README.md

2. Add the ExternalDNS Helm repository to your cluster.

    ```sh
    helm repo add external-dns https://kubernetes-sigs.github.io/external-dns/
    ```

> 3. Create a secret that holds `UNIFI_USE`R` and `UNIFI_PASS`

Author: ```suggestion
3. Create a secret that holds `UNIFI_USER` and `UNIFI_PASS`
```
